Lucian Alin Gîrboiu

Marine Chief Officer (STCW II/2) / Loading Master/ Cargo Officer/ Marine Supervisor

Date of birth: 30/04/1980

Nationality: Romanian
Address: 25 Marcus Aurelius Street, Constanta, Romania
E-mail: lucian.alin.girboiu@gmail.com; lucianaling@yahoo.co.uk;
Mobile: +40 722 343 903; Skype ID: lucian.alin.girboiu

linkedin.com/in/lucianalingirboiu

Summary

• Core Competencies include: Ship and Offshore Units Management; Costing / Budgeting; Inventory
Management; Planning and Forecasting; Fleet Management and Supply Chain Management, Cargo
Oil and Ballast Operations, Safety, Navigation and Dynamic Positioning Operations offshore.
• Experience in prioritizing, multitasking and working under pressure in adverse conditions. Broad
understanding of logistics, budget administration and negotiations.

• Fully experienced with marine regulations as per IMO, MARPOL, SOLAS, COLREGs, ISM, ISPS, STCW.
Knowledge of Class Society Regulations GL, ABS, BV, DNV and dry-docking experience.

• I have offshore experience on production units like FPSO's and merchant marine experience sailing
on Oil/Chemical Tankers, Crude Oil Tankers and offshore vessels like AHTS DP-2, DP-1, DSV, PSV,
OSV, Accommodation offshore construction and Derick pipe-laying barges. Attended vetting
inspections, PSC and FLAG Inspections, annual DP FMEA trials, bollard pull tests, class society annual
surveys, sea trials, etc.
• and onshore as Project Manager in projects related to repairs, upgrades of various vessels/ Fleet
Technical Superintendent in shipping (chemical tankers, dry-bulk carriers, general cargo vessels, crude oil
tanker), marine services for Offshore Oil & Gas (construction/accommodation/pipe-laying barges,
AHTS/PSV vessels), and in engineering construction: FPSO conversion projects like Project
Engineer/Package Engineer for rotating and static mechanical equipment and for various ships in yard as
Engineer Supervisor.
Specialties: Cargo operations on Offshore production units FPSO's and Oil Tankers, sailing on
merchant vessels and construction vessel's pipe-lay/accommodation/construction barges
surveying, daily operations and supervise the maintenance on board the fleet, vetting inspections,
PSC surveys, Flag & Class society annual surveys, annual DP FMEA trials, prepare/follow/
supervise the dry-dock jobs and major repairs for my own fleet, project activities, purchasing,
logistics.

Experience

Cargo Supervisor
MODEC International, Inc. - December 2023 – present (7 months)

FPSO MV 24 Cidade de Mangaratiba & FPSO MV 30 Carioca - Petrobras operator of Santos basin,
Brazil

Overall, Job Purpose:
- To act as second in command under Marine Superintendent/Master's direct orders, specifically be in
charge of care of cargo during loading, stowage and discharge, maintenance of ship’s hull, cargo
spaces, accommodation, safety appliances and all machinery related to vessels moorings and
load/discharge of cargo. In discharge of his duties and responsibilities, he will be suitably supported by
the team of officers and ratings assigned under deck department and by the Maintenance
Superintendent and his subordinate staff in maintenance of all deck and cargo machinery.

Lucian Alin Gîrboiu – CV page1


In charge of the management and follow-up of:
- Responsible for planning and executing all marine operations, including but not limited to stability of the
vessel, loading and offloading operations, preparation of the vessel for surveys and inspections,
maintenance and up keep of marine equipment, hull & outfitting, management of marine crew aiming to
guarantee safe and environmentally sound FPSO marine operations for the unit that he is assigned to.
- Ensure that the vessel is always within safe stress limits, keeping within the limits of draft,
stresses, trim & list by being completely familiar with the loading computer, cargo and ballast
system. Routine checks of the vessel’s loading/ballast condition & preparing loading / discharging
plans, as required.
- Assure safe loading and offloading operations of crude oil by safely mooring the offtake tanker, safely
operating offload station, cargo / ballast pumps, Inert Gas System. Guarantee on spec cargo is
offloaded to the tanker by monitoring the cargo quality in the tanks on a regular basis.
- Contribute to the successful passing of special surveys, class, flag and port state inspections by
preparing the vessel thoroughly and ensuring timely reminders to shore base to arrange for surveys and
inspections to be conducted.

Loading Master
STAPEM Offshore - May 2023 – November 2023 (7 months)
FPSO Pazflor - Total Energies operator of Block 17, Angola

In charge of the management and follow-up of:
- Cargo oil tanks, water ballast tanks, cofferdams and in general, all capacities related of the hull of the
FPSO;
- Availability for inspection and maintenance jobs of marine related equipment and FPSO,
including hull capacities;
- The offloading operations for the export tanker and the loading operations with chemical tanker;
- Responsible for the loading and transfer operations of crude oil and ballasting/deballasting operations;
- In charge of the distributing the daily work tasks to the pumpman;
- Act as permit to works coordinator and marine specialist for those jobs.

Commercial operations:
Calculates and records the daily storage quantity.
Manages crude oil loading, storage and export.
Monitors the loading of produced crude oil and inert gas operations.
Decides on crude oil distribution between tanks, draws up of loading and offloading plans
(including pumps and valves to be used).
Carries out trim and stability calculations and maintains appropriate records on board.
Is in charge of Crude Oil Washing operations and planning, including recording of sediments deposit.
Assists the Control Room “production operators” for offloading, metering, inert gas operations and
export tanker interfaces.
Is responsible for recording/calculation:
- vessel Experience Factor, statistics, tank gauging, offloading data;
- quality and quantity of Crude Oil loaded and exported,
- analysis procedures (sampling, analysis in accordance with commercial quality recommendations,
water de bottoming, salinity BSW),
- metering accuracy.
Is in charge of slop water management according to MARPOL regulations.
Fills up the Oil Record book part 2 only.

Maintenance:
Is in charge of operability and testing of the trim and stability loading computer.
Is charge of the preparation of the tank entry, including work permit.

Lucian Alin Gîrboiu – CV page2


Follows up of the maintenance of cargo tank equipment.
Follows up of empty spaces (void spaces, chain locker).
Is in charge of anti-pollution equipment verification and preparation on deck as per instructions
received from the Marine Operation Manager.

QHSE:
Assists with establishment of marine procedures and provides necessary expertise.
Participates in risk analysis for marine operations (HAZID/HAZOP/RA).
Gathers ‘lessons learnt’ and provides feedback as required.
Fully complies with all security, health and safety instructions.
Stays vigilant and maintains continuous awareness of hazards and surroundings.
Reports to Marine Operation Superintendant any issue he may face or observe and proposes way of
improvement.
Fully complies with all HSE requirements at all times
Assists the Marine Operations Superintendant for FPSO marine operations and HSE management
relative to marine activities.

Cargo Officer/Supervisor
Yinson - Oct 2021 - Apr 2023 (1 year 7 months)

FPSO John Agyekum Kufuor - ENI operator of Offshore Cape Three Points (OCTP) block, Ghana

- Watch keeping in Central Command Room (CCR) and perform cargo operations;
- Monitoring, controlling and logging imported and produced oil loading and distribution on board
as instructed by the CSUP / OIM;
- Familiar with the PTW System, Risk Assessments and Toolbox Talks. Prepare and issues
PTW’s and RA’s for marine teams and external contractors;
- Monitoring, controlling and executing export oil discharge and ballast operations;
- Monitoring, controlling and executing discharge of produced water from cargo tanks;
- Monitoring and controlling Fiscal Metering Unit operation during export oil discharge;
- Prepare and execute tank washing and gas freeing operations and supervises tank entry
operations;
- As authorized gas tester performs gas tests and isolations as per Permit to Work and Confined
Space Entry permits;
- Cargo spaces/cargo/ballast systems including pump room are well maintained and in good
working order;
- Attend and carries out toolbox talks and HSE meetings as required;
- Monitoring and controlling unit trim, draft and hull stresses;
- Monitoring and recording all safety equipment alarms received in the CCR;
- Radio communication with the Process Deck, Export Tanker, Helicopter and supply boats as
applicable;
- Act as HLO Assistant when needed. Carries out supervision/ monitoring of helicopter flight,
landings and departures and compilation of information required for safe helicopter operations;
- Boat traffic and supply operations are well controlled, carried out efficiently and safely;
- Maintaining CCR Logbook and storage tank status records;
- Control people movement;
- Responsible for handling and stowage chemicals in bulk;
- Responsible for deploying Mooring Hawser and Export Cargo Hose to the Export Tanker by
Supply Boats (PSV);
- Operates and performs tests on GMDSS equipment in accordance with SOLAS requirements;
- Fire and Gas inhibits recording, monitoring and controlling as per approved PTW and FPSO
procedures.

Lucian Alin Gîrboiu – CV page3


Hafnia BW/NSB Reederei/GSP Offshore - Deck Officer (2nd/3rd Officer) / Junior DPO

Sailing Worldwide on:
M/T “BW Lynx” (Chemical/Oil Tanker) – 49999 DWT – FRAMO pumps – 2nd Officer (2021)
M/T “BW Tiger” (Chemical/Oil Tanker) – 49999 DWT – FRAMO pumps – 2nd Officer (2021)
M/T “Nautical Sarah” (Oil Product Tanker) – 75143 DWT – FRAMO pumps – 2nd Officer (2020)
M/T “Sigma Triumph” (Oil Tanker) – 105291 DWT – Steam pumps – 2nd Officer (2019)
M/T “Sigma Triumph” (Oil Tanker) – 105291 DWT – Steam pumps – 3rd Officer (2019)
M/T “Conti Benguela” (Oil Products / Chemical Tanker) – 37652 DWT – FRAMO pumps – 3rd Officer
(2017-2018)
M/T “LS Evanne” (Chemical / Oil Products) – 7003 DWT – Marflex pumps – 3rd Officer (2016-2017)
M/T “Kronberg” (Chemical / Oil Products) – 40208 DWT – FRAMO pumps – Junior Deck Officer (2016)
M/T “Otowasan” (Crude Oil Tanker) – VLCC – 302477 DWT – Drydock in Turkey – Junior Deck Officer
(2016)
“GSP Queen” (Towing & Fire Fighting Vessel) – GRT 1951 (2016)
“GSP King” (Towing & Fire Fighting Vessel) – GRT 2690 (2015)

As Navigation Officer
Maintaining a navigational watch at sea.
Preparing a comprehensive passage plan for the next voyage, including those parts of the passage
under pilotage, for approval by the Master.
Maintains all navigation equipment, publications, charts and prepares information for the bridge;
Correction of charts and publications required for a proposed voyage, reporting any deficiencies to the
Master.
Manoeuvre and handle a ship in all conditions.
Ensure bridge electronics, navigational aids, alarm systems and lights are in good working order;
Plots voyage tracks for the Master’s approval using up-to-date Sailing Directions, Coast Pilot, Light List
and Tide and Current Tables;
Ensures all required flags are aboard and in good condition;
Maintaining a deck / cargo watch in port as instructed by the Chief Officer and assisting the Chief
Officer in all cargo operations. Monitor the loading and unloading of cargoes and their care during the
voyage. Understudy Chief Officer in order to learn all aspects of his job.

As Weather Officer
Responsible for general maintenance of all weather-related equipment and for having adequate
supplies are on board at all times;
Sends reports and weather data to appropriate parties as needed during voyages.

As Environmental Officer
Knowledge of the precautions to be taken to prevent pollution of the marine environment;
Anti-pollution procedures and all associated equipment;
Act as environmental officer as required by ISO14001, updating environmental logs.

As Safety Officer
Carrying out duties as shipboard training officer as per STCW 2010;
Maintain an inventory of the medical locker, medical records and preparation of Illness reports;
Responsible for the condition and repair of lifeboats, life rafts, life rings, life jackets and other lifesaving
equipment not delegated to other departments.

As Radio Officer
Primary responsibility for operating the GMDSS station in emergency situations.
Keeping the GMDSS radio watch;
Updating the radio logbook and testing the GMDSS equipment;
Ensuring that the voltage of the GMDSS radio batteries is logged daily;
Train officers and crew in use of emergency communication equipment.

As DP Trainee / Junior DPO
Setting-up the DP Console KONGSBERG SIMRAD SDP-21;
Responsible for the daily maintenance of the draught, trim and stability of vessel;
Controlling the vessel position using manual and joystick controls;
Changing operational modes between auto DP to joystick to manual controls to auto pilot and vice
versa;
Ensure safe principles and planning of DP operations;
Practical operation of DP control system, including changing between systems and the various modes
of operation;
Use of reference systems and other peripheral equipment;
Ensure vessel system redundancy, and follow-up alarms and warnings as per DP safe procedures;
Knowledge and use of vessel systems and their limitations;
Knowledge and follow-up of DP alarm sequences and communications with reference to operational

Lucian Alin Gîrboiu – CV page4


condition;
Knowledge of the vessel’s operations manuals and communications system;
Knowledge of the vessel’s FMEA and its implications;
Training on any other systems relevant to the DP that is responsible for.

Project Manager
Jobson Italia - Jul 2015 - Sep 2015 (3 months)
In charge with the management of repair activities on passenger ship FULK AL SALAMAH, yachts
NASEEM AL NOOR, NASEEM AL BAHR and royal motor yacht AL SAID.
Coordinate all the project related activities.

Technical Superintendent
Maritec NV Shipmanagement -

Jun 2014 - Jan 2015 (8 months)
Responsible for monitoring the vessels condition (bitumen & oil tankers: m/t BITU EXPRESS, m/t
BISKRA, m/t EQUINOX, bunker & bitumen barges, tugs) and all aspects of their performance and
operation, including:
Safe and efficient cargo handling and cargo conditioning.
Planned and project maintenance. Responsible to implement and update the company Computerized
PMS on allocated vessels.
Regular condition assessment.
Dry-dock planning and supervision.
Budget control.
Certification and vetting.
Attend and arrange on-board vessels repairs and installation upgrades.
Assisting the Operations Manager in the STS, cargo survey and mooring operations.
June 2014, I supervised in DAKARNAVE shipyard / Senegal - Afloat Repairs (hull damage repair) and
boiler insulation repairs onboard m/t MARONI.
July-August 2014 at Dakar anchorage onboard m/t Bitu Express, I supervised the repairs on the cargo
pump no 2 screw shaft and housing and the renewal and hydraulic installation/commissioning of new
actuators on cargo valves. Arrange and supervise the machining of screw shaft with local workshop.
September-November 2014, I attend m/t Viveka DD and repairs/upgrades in GEMAK shipyard - TuzlaIstanbul, Turkey. I was in charge with the supervision of foam insulation fitting in cargo tanks and
refurbishment of all deck machineries with shipyard and auxiliary engines with external contractor.
November 2014, I supervised onboard m/t Equinox the installation of the new cargo flow meter at Lome
anchorage / Togo.

Technical & Operations Superintendent / Deputy of Technical Manager
Kaztec Marine Services - Mar 2013 - Jun 2014 (1 year 4 months)
• Management of the marine assets: Derick Pipelay Barge Ekulo Cheyenne, DSV: Ekulo Tornado,
AHTS: Ekulo Explorer and Ekulo Spirit; navigational and technical requirements.
• Contact with charterers and sub-contractors.

• Dry-docks and vessel certifications.
• CMID - Common Marine Inspections.
• Preparation of dry dock specifications and docking budgets;
• Ensuring vessels conformed to Flag and Class requirements;
• Modifications/upgrades of vessels;
• Planned maintenance;
• Conducting technical investigations on board ship's, to determine the causes of structural and
machinery faults/failures;
• Control and advise on maintenance check lists;
• Briefing and debriefing Captains / Chief Engineers;
• Involved in vessels operations and logistics deliveries of bunker / water / lub oils / food;
Lucian Alin Gîrboiu – CV page5


Fleet Technical Superintendent
Sea Trucks Group STG - Dec 2010 - Jan 2013 (2 years 2 months)

• Responsible for onshore & offshore inspections. Assist engineers on-board in planning & maintenance
and selection & supply of spares / tools.
• Administer technical management team in laying pipes and offshore construction jobs. Tasked with
additional responsibility such as dry docking of AHTS/PSV vessels.
• Supervised & managed dry-docking repairs and special surveys for Jascon 33 (accommodation
construction barge), Jascon 37 (accommodation construction barge), Jascon 23 (AHTS vessel), Jascon
36 (cargo barge).
• Supervise a team on several projects and assist Service and Base Engineers.
• Prepare job, commissioning and breakdown reports.
• Monitor sea trials during port calls in operational conditions.
• Manage inventory and ensure critical equipments are in operating condition. Coordinate with logistics/
supply chain team. Instrumental in procuring sufficient level of stocks on-board.
• Actively participate with the management in crew planning, ship evaluation and ship repairs.
• Accountable for adhering to ISM Procedures.
• Play a key role in finalizing project planning based on SOW inspections.
• Provide insightful assistance to the team with the Technical Manager on cost and quality of the
resources. Follow up with the survey department in cooperation with operations team.

Technical Superintendent
GSP Holding SA - Feb 2010 - Dec 2010 (11 months)
• Actively involved in managing crane barges (GSP Neptun, GSP Granit), pipe lay/submersible/
accommodation work barges (GSP Bigfoot 1, GSP Bigfoot 3), crew vessel and offshore oil services and
constructional activities.

• Handled water pipe lay barge (GSP Bigfoot 1) capable of accommodating 208 members. In-charge of
pipe-lay project with Gazprom/Stroygazmontazh (installation of pipeline gas between Novorossiysk –
Tuapse – Sochi) and TPAO – Akçakoca, Melrose Resources, Galata.
• Handled guarantee claims and follow up till closing and provide technical support for marine and
construction crew of the barges.
• Prepared technical specification, budget estimation, dry docking period and work instruction
documents.
• Managed vessel maintenance activities in compliance with company’s HSE regulations and
requirements.
• Responsible for completion of repairs as per technical specifications. Assisted technical team in
procurement activities and ensured sufficient level of stocks are maintained on-board.
• Coordinated with Construction Managers to drive improvements in accordance with the requirements.
Liaised with sub-contractors.

Assistant Project Engineer
Bumi Armada - Aug 2008 - Sep 2009 (1 year 2 months)

• Worked on a project titled “FPSO ARMADA Perdana” (ex-ship Histria Crown / Biruinta - IMO
8302131), which was later converted to FPSO. Instrumental in achieving the conversion at Keppel
Shipyard Tuas in Singapore.
• Managed additional work orders of shipyard as per the specifications of FPSO operations.
• Administered work with construction engineers, site supervisors and other subcontractors. Supported
Project Engineers in preparing and issuing orders according to specification module.
• Prepared project documentation and weekly progress reports on project status. Liaised with project
consultants, subcontractors and management team in all stages of the project.

Lucian Alin Gîrboiu – CV page6


• Actively participated with the management team in purchasing activities. Prepared a list of spare parts
to be procured for marine equipment’s projects and be used for the operations of FPSO’s.
• Translated technical documents, drawings and manuals from Romanian to English language.

Technical Superintendent Vessel’s
Histria Shipmanagement

Jan 2006 - Jul 2008 (2 years 7 months)
- Supervised Newbuildings m/t Histria AGATA, m/t Histria AZURE and m/t Histria GIADA Chemical
tanker, Oil tanker with double hull (Summer DWT 40,439 MT) in Constanta Shipyard.
- Supervised & managed dry-docking repairs / annual, intermediate and special surveys for Histria
Crown (Oil tanker @ 157000 DWT), Histria Onyx (general cargo), Histria Sun (bulk carrier), Histria
Agata and Histria Azure (chemical tankers @ 40000 DWT).
- Responsible for efficient operations of the ship while complying with environmental protection and
maritime management regulations.
- Managed technical aspects of the vessel including mechanical, electrical, radio and navigational
equipments.
- Following up and update as necessary the AMOS – software maintenance system on allocated
vessels.
- Supported technical and operations team in managing chemical tankers, oil tankers, bulk carriers and
cargo carriers. Formulated work plan and ensured that the plan of action complies with owner’s
policies.
- Worked closely with MS&Q Superintendent to ensure that repairs of all reported deficiencies,
damages and non-conformities are cleared and recommended changes to prevent the
reoccurrence.
- Actively involved in preparing insurance claims. Liaised with owners and underwriter representatives in
processing claims.

Technical Assistant Superintendent Vessel’s
Histria Shipmanagement - Mar 2005 - Jan 2006 (11 months)
As Technical Assistant Superintendent, I was in charge with the assistance of the Senior
Superintendent into technical management of a group of 3 vessels.

Mechanical Engineer
Heinen & Hopman - Jul 2004 - Mar 2005 (9 months)

As an engineer, I was in charge with the management, coordination, estimates and handing over the
papers performed by Damen Shipyard Galati and by other firms from the shipyard platform as well as
out of it. Also, I was in charge with the relations with the firms which deliver equipment’s adherent to
the HVAC and sanitary installations, to the tinker’s works or any other materials necessary to the
company

Education

Maritime University - Constanta
Master of Engineering - MEng, Engineering and Management in the Operation of
Marine Terminals and Vessels

Oct 2019 - Jun 2022

Maritime University - Constanta
BSc. in Marine Engineering and Navigation, Nautical and Maritime Navigation Science

2006 - 2009

Lucian Alin Gîrboiu – CV page7


Dunarea de Jos University - Galati
MSc. in Mechanical Engineering, Optimization of Thermo-Mechanical Processes

2004 - 2006

Dunarea de Jos University - Galati
BSc. in Thermal Equipment and Machinery, Engineer specialized in Machines and
Thermal Equipments

1999 - 2004

Licenses & Certifications

Chief Mate - on Ships of 3000 GT or more - Romanian Naval Authority

Issued Jul 2022 - Expires Nov 2024
90345

General Operator's Certificate for GMDSS - National Authority for Management and
Regulation in Communications, no: 48571

Issued Apr 2024 - Expires Apr 2029

· Barge Supervisor / BCO Course – MOU Operations Course – APAVE MARE – issued: 18.04.2024
· Risk Management and Incident Investigation Training, Lloyd’s Register – Marine Training
Services, Constanta/Romania, 2005.
· Operation and Maintenance of Framo Cargo Pumping System S.N. Constanta hull 568 M/T
“Histria Perla”, Frank Mohn AS – Framo Training School, Constanta/Romania, 2005.
· Oil and Chemical tanker – Technical and Operational Aspects, Germanischer Lloyd – Gl
Academy, Constanta/Romania, 2006.
· Chemical Tanker – Design, Equipment and Cargo Operation, Det Norske Veritas – DNV
Academy, Piraeus/Greece, 2007.
· IMO Courses as per 2010 Manilla amendments: GMDSS (General Operator Certificate); BST
(Basic Safety Maritime Training); Medical First Aid; Prevention and Fire Fighting – advanced
level; Proficiency in Survival Craft and Rescue Boats, other than Fast Rescue Boats; Bridge
Simulator and Navigation; ECDIS – Furuno and JRC; HELM; Security Awareness Training &
Security Training for Seafarers with Designated Security Duties; Maritime English; Tanker
Familiarization for Oil Tankers/ Chemical Tankers / LPG / LNG; Passenger ships; Advanced
Training / Specialization for Oil Tankers/ Chemical Tankers, DP Basic and Advanced.
HUET (OPITO Approved) – exp. date: 06/10/2025

Skills: Teamwork player • Highly Adaptable • analytical person • communicative • ambitious •
patient • sociable • sense of humour • adequate attire • Analytical Skills

Computer Skills: MS OFFICE Package•

SAP and AMOS Maintenance Softwares •

LANGUAGES

ENGLISH Fluent
ROMANIAN Mother Tongue
FRENCH Intermediate
PORTUGUESE Basic

Lucian Alin Gîrboiu – CV page8


REFERENCES:
Capt. Daniel Trinca (mobile: +1 282 702-9212, e-mail: dantrinca@gmail.com ) – Marine
Superintendent – Stapem Offshore for Total Energies Angola – Luanda, Angola
Capt. Jacek Neckar (mobile: +48 607 920 575, e-mail: neckarjacek@gmail.com ) – Marine Pilot –
Stapem Offshore / FPSO Pazflor - Block 17 Angola
Capt. Evelin Constandache (mobile: +40 723 251 051, e-mail: evelinconstandache@yahoo.com )
- Mooring Master / Yinson Production
Mr. Nicu Serbanescu (mobile: +40 763 638 044, +40 721 486 905, e-mail: nicurom@gmail.com /
Operations Manager/ Unit Lead FPSO at Reliance Industries Limited
Capt. Giuseppe Ercolano (mobile: +39 338 4108917, e-mail: ercolanogiuseppe@virgilio.it ) /
Unlimited DPO/DP Instructor - DP Consultant Auditor - Italian Maritime Academy Technologies;
Capt. Antonio Donnarumma (mobile: +39 338 629 4036) / Marnavi Transporti Marittimi;
Capt. Domenico Pugliese (mobile: +39 334 285 9206) / Bambini Ravenna Italy;
Mr. Marius Szabo (mobile: +40 722 640 757, e-mail: marius.szabo@histria.ro ) / Technical
Manager - Histria Shipmanagement
Capt. Bogdan Nita (mobile: +40 722 262 506, e-mail: capt.bogdannita@gmail.com ) / Master -
Premuda Spa Italy;
Mr. Stelian Velican (mobile: +31 6-2191-7935, e-mail: stelianvelican@yahoo.com ) / Technical
Superintendent - Reederei Bv Netherland;
Mr. Matthew Laurence Eyre (mobile: +66 81-897-5218, e-mail:
matthew@specializedoffshoreservices.com ) / General Manager - Specialized Offshore Services;
capt. Aslan Baiazit (mobile: +40 721-711-489, e-mail: sealyon08@yahoo.com ) / Master of GSP
King - GSP Offshore Romania;
Mr Florin Zaharia (mobile: +40 724-222-802, e-mail: zahariaflorin2004@yahoo.com ) / Technical
Superintendent - GSP Offshore Romania;
Mr Marius Logyin (mobile: +40 722-804-592, e-mail: marius.logyin@bourbon-online.com ) / DryDock Superintendent - Bourbon Offshore;
Mr Mike Luger (mobile: +234 7030088568, e-mail: mikeluger@waventures.com ) / Project
Manager for DP 3 fleet - SeaTrucks Group Nigeria;

Lucian Alin Gîrboiu – CV page9


